[MRG] DOC: update MESA docs for remote rendering (#8673)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/install/advanced.rst

:func:`mne.viz.set_3d_options(antialias=False) <mne.viz.set_3d_options>` within
a given Python session.

Another issue that may come up is that the MESA software itself may be out of date
in certain operating systems, for example CentOS. This may lead to incomplete
rendering of some 3D plots. A solution is to build the latest version
locally following the instructions `here <https://xorg-team.pages.debian.net/xorg/howto/build-mesa.html#_preparing_mesa_sources>`_.

> If you have CentOS 7, you can also use the `built files <https://osf.io/sp9qg/download>`_ we provide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have CentOS 7 or newer, you can also try some `prebuilt binaries <https://osf.io/sp9qg/download>`_ we made.
```
All the libs should be forward compatible, hence the "newer"

After downloading the files, untar them and add them to the appropriate library paths
using the following commands:

.. code-block:: console

    $ tar xzvf mesa_18.3.6_centos_lib.tgz
    $ export LIBGL_DRIVERS_PATH="${PWD}/lib"
    $ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH="${PWD}/lib"

To check that everything went well, type the following:

.. code-block:: console

>     $ glxinfo | grep "OpenGL core profile version"

Reviewer: You should give the output line people should see. Use the one from your system with the prebuilt libs...

Another way to check is to type:

.. code-block:: console

>     $ mne sys_info

Reviewer: same here, probably with ellipses to highlight just the pyvista line that says the renderer, again for your libs

:func:`mne.viz.set_3d_options(antialias=False) <mne.viz.set_3d_options>` within
a given Python session.

Another issue that may come up is that the MESA software itself may be out of date
in certain operating systems, for example CentOS. This may lead to incomplete
rendering of some 3D plots. A solution is to build the latest version

> locally following `these instructions <https://xorg-team.pages.debian.net/xorg/howto/build-mesa.html#_preparing_mesa_sources>`_.

Reviewer: I would also (first) link to the instructions that I posted in a comment on GitHub. The 18.x series has a simpler workflow that's easier to satisfy the requirements for than 19+, hence why I built that rather than a 19 or 20 variant

Author: okay I added the link. Hope it's the right comment?
